chunk 0 : So hey guys news boys, first of all let's

talk about Samay Rayana, so

Samay Rayana gives a savage reply to ANI. I have already told in yesterday's video that

Samay Raina and his friends appeared

in Supreme Court because at the time of India's Got

Latent Controversy,

an old video of Samay Raina's stand up

comedy went viral where he made fun of a child's ₹ 1 crore

injection. To know

what the Supreme Court said in this matter and what happened,

you

can go and watch my yesterday's video.

chunk 1 : The link is in the

description. So when Samay Rayana was

going to the Supreme Court, the ANI

reporter asked him something related to this,

whether he would like to say something about it, to

which Samay Rayana replied,

I support Mohak Mangal. You must know the controversy of ANI vs Mohak Mangal, the

reply given by Samay Rayana to the ANI reporter is going

viral right now.

chunk 2 : So

let's talk about the next update,

which is about the viral video of a social worker of Madhya Pradesh,

Dr. Praful Shrivastava,

his brother's photo shoot went

wrong, what were they doing, they were

showing off their work with such labourers, just for the sake of

photo or video, the people who are

recording the video tell the labourers,

one more plate and two photos did not come properly, and

what happens after this, you see, one more plate

and photo did not come,

so let's talk about the next update,

which is

about a shocking news from Farrukhabad, Uttar Pradesh, Dilip Kumar who was

only 25 years old. They do it

because of police torture.

chunk 3 : What basically happened?

chunk 4 : Dilip had a fight with his wife Neeraj

due to some reason. I do

n't know for what reason he is not at home.

chunk 5 : What happens next?

chunk 6 : The wife goes and files a

police complaint against Dilip. After which two constables Yashwant

Yadav and Mahesh Upadhyay

pick up Dilip from his house and take him to the police station. After this two constables ask for ₹00 from Dilip. They say give us ₹00 only then we will let

you go. After this

Dilip probably says that I do not have ₹00. I am a farmer.

chunk 7 : How do I give? After this, the two constables

beat Dilip very badly. Rajneesh, who is Dilip's wife's brother, had

told the policemen to beat him up. And that's what the

two constables follow.

chunk 8 : After this

Dilip was tortured a lot. He

gives ₹400. And the two policemen let

him go. After this he

comes home and

writes a note on the trousers he was wearing, which you can

see on the screen right now. Where he

tells that the police

tortured him a lot in the police station

and in the same troupe he had written that my

wife got me beaten up by the police. Well,

in this matter, let me tell you that both the constables have been

suspended immediately.

chunk 9 : And the police is

doing the remaining investigation in this matter.

chunk 10 : So let's talk about the next update

which is about a next level scam. After

hearing this news you will say,

what did America say earlier, what are you? Today we say, what are you? Let me tell you that the news

is from Assam.

chunk 11 : What is the matter? Talking about Rishi, Arvind, who is an

Instagram creator, posted a video

which is going viral. You see,

this girl has fooled the entire world. This is Archita Phukan about whom news came a few days

ago that this girl from Assam is

going into the industry. She

also posted a photo with star Can Lust and

Can Lust had also commented on her old photo. Then her emotional story came out that she had

escaped from the dark world of GB Road after paying ₹25 lakh and she had rescued eight more girls from there. The public had gone completely crazy

behind this.

chunk 12 : But at last it was revealed that

it was AI.

chunk 13 : You made me a fool. But this girl Archita Fakan exists in real. Because the girl whose face has been

used here filed a case and it was

revealed that her ex-boyfriend was

doing all this by mutilating her face to take revenge on her. Then suddenly her Instagram ID

name changes from BabyD Arch to Insta Umbria.

chunk 14 : Then the public understands that there is something

wrong.

chunk 15 : Her ex-boyfriend Pratim

Bora has been arrested by the police. But brother earned almost Rs 10 lakh in this time.

chunk 16 : That too just

through Instagram subscription.

chunk 17 : How much he would have earned from Only Fan is

different. Just jokingly, he has

also gained almost 1.3 million followers. What did America say?

chunk 18 : what are you?

chunk 19 : Today we will say, what are you? This Elon Musk says that AI is a

threat to humans. Son, you come to India. AI

itself is in danger. Hey!

chunk 20 : Say anything else, brother. Using the photo of any such girl and doing such a despicable act is a

big crime and is wrong. The remaining Rs 10

lakh will be useful to him in jail.

chunk 21 : So let's talk about the next update

which is about Urfi Javed. Tofi Javed gave an angry reply to those

who were making inappropriate comments about Ashish Chansalani's girlfriend Ali

Avram. Yes,

you must know that just a few days ago Ashish Chansalani had posted this and while

writing with Ali Abram, he finally

revealed his relationship.

chunk 22 : But what are a lot

of people doing?

chunk 23 : Ali is

commenting about Abraam's past relationships

that she had so many boyfriends before. Its body count is very high.

chunk 24 : And

many more comments like this. So

Urfi Javed is reacting to this and said that

the world is so brutal to women. A girl

who is minding her own business is

not as controversial as I am.

chunk 25 : But guess what no hate to the man.

chunk 26 : People

love to villainise and hate women.

chunk 27 : That's how they feel superior. So let's

talk about the next update

which is about Kunal Kambra. You must know how controversial a

person Kunal Kambra is. Cases etc.

chunk 28 : keep on happening against him. Related to this, he

posted an Instagram story writing his

relationship status. I am 37 years old, male

, straight, single and never married.

chunk 29 : But it seems I got divorced

because of the number of court cases.

chunk 30 : So

let's talk about the next update

which is about Kashish Kapoor.

chunk 31 : You must have seen him in many reality shows

including Bigg Boss. So, Rs 7

lakhs were stolen from his house and who committed the theft?

chunk 32 : The maid did. Not only this,

after the theft, when

Kashish Kapoor caught him, he

held Kashish Kapoor tightly and told her

not to tell anyone about this. First let me

tell you in this matter, Kashish Kapoor has filed a police complaint. But

Kashish Kapoor had

posted a video on her Instagram telling about what happened that day, you can

see it. Since many media houses have already

posted about it.

chunk 33 : I think it's time that

I tell you exactly what happened. On Sunday, I had ₹ 7 lakh cash in my account at home. why were they?

chunk 34 : How were you? Where did you come from

? I will tell you that later.

chunk 35 : That's not

true.

chunk 36 : I will jump straight to the point. I had to fly to Singapore on the 10th. And on the 9th, I had to deposit this money in mom's account. I think that's

Wednesday, Thursday. I know.

chunk 37 : I had to

deposit that money in mom's account on the

9th. So around 1:30 in the morning

I opened my locker. And I was

like the place where I kept my money was

empty. I was like where did my money go? Immediately it hit me that one second. My Khok A just left the house sometimes. I

stopped him.

chunk 38 : I went to the lift. I

said come in, come back in. I insisted and

brought him inside. I said to him,

show me your pocket. He refused saying, there is nothing, there is nothing. I

said show me your pocket right now. So he

started insisting, there is nothing, there is nothing. I

insisted a lot that he should show me his pocket."   They

say like this, there is nothing, nothing. I

said show me your pocket. He put his hand in and

tried to throw it in such a way that I could

n't see anything.

chunk 39 : But I saw it. One person came near my washing machine and I found a bundle of ₹50,000 cash in

his pocket. I understood that

okay you have committed theft in my house.

chunk 40 : In the days that I would pick up my phone, I would

do something.

chunk 41 : Next thing I know I'm pinned

against the wall. He is holding both my hands as if to say,

no no, don't

tell anyone, don't do anything. And I'm in my

own house in my own hall and I'm pinned

against the wall and he is holding me down

that don't call anybody. Don't tell anybody.

chunk 42 : And

in that moment my head was like a fight of

light. You have to protect yourself. Survival instinct. You have to protect

yourself. I was like, okay get out of my house. I am not telling anyone. Do

n't show your face in my house again. He left from there. As soon as he left the house I was

like to stop him.

chunk 43 : So I

called the guard, guard listen. So let’s

talk about the next update

which is about a viral video of an Indian couple

which made many people angry.

chunk 44 : So what do these couples do? People in Canada

throw garbage on the roadside.

chunk 45 : Yes,

you may be able to see that video on the screen right now.

chunk 46 : Reacting to this, a person

wrote, once an Indian, always an Indian. Another user writes do not come to Ghaziabad. One user even wrote, Kindly deport them.

chunk 47 : And people are making many more comments like this.

chunk 48 : So let's

talk about the next update which is about Panchayat series

actor Asif Khan. You all must know him if you have

seen Panchayat, then a day before he got a heart

attack after which he was immediately

taken to the hospital.

chunk 49 : Thankfully his

condition is stable now and out of danger.

chunk 50 : While giving an update on this, he wrote that life is very

short. Don’t take even a single day for granted.

chunk 51 : Everything can change in a moment.

chunk 52 : Be

grateful for all you have in all that you are. So let's talk about the next update

which is about actor Vidyut Jamwal.

chunk 53 : So he is going to make his Hollywood

debut. Yes Dhal Sim will play this role

in Legends Live Action Street Fighter

Movie. Let me tell you, the movie is based on the video

games from Capcom.

chunk 54 : So let's

talk about the next update which is

about a man who

installed an electricity meter in his house a day ago. And the bill for one day came to him to

₹ 1,70,000. I will show you his video.

chunk 55 : You see. The

meter was installed only yesterday and the bill has come. The

meter was installed on the 9th and the bill is coming in the same day. Look 170700

this is the situation. What will happen if we give such bills

?

chunk 56 : I do

n't know, maybe this might have

happened due to some technical glitch.

chunk 57 : So let's

talk about the next update which is

about a Congress leader who

said something after which he is being

trolled a lot. Subhanshu

Shukla, many of you might have come to know that

he has returned back to Earth from the International Space Station. With this he became the

first Indian to visit the International

Space Station. Let me tell you that in 1984, Rakesh

Sharma had travelled in space. He did

not visit the International Space Station. But Sudhanshu Shukla visited the

International Space Station which is a very

big thing. But what does Congress leader Udit Raj

say? Some Dalit, SC, OBC

should have been sent. You see what he exactly

says. When Rakesh Sharma was sent earlier, at that time the

SC, ST, OBC people were not so educated. This time I think it was the turn to

send a backrower or a Dalit. I did

not take any exam or

conduct any exam at NASA. After that he was

selected. So any Dalit OBC

can also be sent in place of Shukla ji. So a lot of

people are reacting to what he said. A user writes that

Baba Saheb did not get the reservation, otherwise

you would have gone and accepted it forcibly. Now you will be

able to go only if you study and write,

reservation is required here also. Another user writes, Oh

God, what will happen to these people?

chunk 58 : And

people are making many more comments like this.

chunk 59 : What do you think about it?

chunk 60 : Please let us know by commenting. So that was all the updates for today. If you liked the video, then do

like it. See you

in our next video.

