chunk 0 : So hi everyone today we have a special

guest on our channel we have Shalini

with us. So Shallini would you like to

introduce yourselves once? Uh hi hi

everyone. Hi Ashish. So I'm Shallini

currently in my fourth year. I'll be

graduating in 10 days and I am currently

interning at EPAM systems and it's been

4 months since I'm interning there as a

software engineer intern. So yeah that's

it.

chunk 1 : Right.

chunk 2 : Right.

chunk 3 : Right. So like she

mentioned she has cracked EPAM and we'll

be getting to know her interview

experience, her placement journey, her

preparation journey and everything in

between. So Charini, would you like to

start us off with your interview

experience like what all happened? How

did it go?

chunk 4 : Yeah, so I actually had four

rounds of inter uh four rounds total. So

first round was the OA where I got uh

two coding questions and second section

was uh on the core section core computer

science fundamentals on OS oops and DBMS

and in the first uh uh section we I had

two coding questions based on link list

and arrays uh sliding window type

question and uh we I think we had an

optional question as well I don't

remember it well so I solved the first

two questions in the coding uh section

and in the uh core section I solved

almost every question. So after that uh

I think 200 people gave the exam and

maybe 70 people got 70 or 80 people got

shortlisted from that and after that we

had a group discussion round we had been

asked on the topic like quality testing

assurance and then uh from that uh again

it was a short um some people got

shortlisted from that um uh group

discussion round and then after that we

had a technical round and in the

technical round I have been asked with

coding questions. Again uh it was mainly

based on link lists and the graphs and

also

um it was mainly based on the resume on

my projects on my skills. So I had uh I

had participated in the JP Morgan's code

for good challenge. So he I mentioned it

in my resume. So he mainly asked about

what I did in that uh in that challenge. So I mainly uh worked on the front end

part of um that uh in that challenge. So

he yeah so he asked about the JavaScript

fundamentals and the react fundamentals

what I did even my projects were based

on the monst. So he asked about the

React and the JavaScript fundamentals

and he asked me to code the uh coding

questions also in the JavaScript and the

coding questions were graph and link

list based right? So he asked me to code

it in the

JavaScript. Uh and then it was a short

listing round. Um after that uh we had a

HR round. It was about 20 to 25 minutes.

chunk 5 : Yeah. She asked me the very bas basic

questions like strengths and weaknesses. Where will you see in the five years all

these generalized questions? That's it.

chunk 6 : Mhm.

chunk 7 : All right. To up first online

assessment and then the group

discussion, technical interview and then

HR interview, right? Yeah. And all

rounds were eliminator. Yeah. All rounds

were eliminator. Even in the HR round

some people got eliminated. No.

chunk 8 : But

rejected.

chunk 9 : All right. The difficult

part difficult part was the O round. The

interviews were good. I mean if you have

the good knowledge you can explain it

well but the O round was the main

eliminating part because some people

solved the questions but they did not

get shortlisted. So maybe it was time

based also and accuracy based also. And let's

say medium

medium medium medium hard not hard but

medium

lead and technical interview like you

mentioned

graphic question was uh graph question

was standard graph questions not the

yeah

And those were a bit

hard. Yeah.

chunk 10 : Right.

chunk 11 : Right. We can say DA

important part of clearing the

interviews. How did you prepare

DSA?

chunk 12 : Yeah. So for

DSA geeks for geeks standard

questions topics like easy, medium, hard

and geeks for geeks array stacks, link

lists, cues, graphs. I went till graphs

um trees and

graphs and

um A to Z sheet solve but not completely

hard questions I solved.

chunk 13 : hard questions I needed them to

understand the concept so I solved the

hard as well. So yeah that's it and for

the projects

manp it was mainly based on the

manag I made some self projects for the

practice and again in the third year I

revised those concepts and

project DSA was from geeks for geeks and

driver sheet and

[Music]

rather than making side project it's

better you go on a hackathon and then do

there right all right so unique systems

that they have a GD round companies

details. So

round quality assurance and testing.

chunk 14 : So

I guess 50 10 people were there in each

uh group. So okay uh the interviewer was

focusing on each and every individual. So he was asking about each quality um

uh quality concepts, testing concepts. Actually we didn't have the much

knowledge on those topics because we

didn't come from that background. So weird because usually I've seen to

non- tech topics. First time I've seen

this quality assurance or topic. It's

new to me also.

chunk 15 : Huh.

chunk 16 : Yeah. But still we

had studied some parts like blackbox

testing white box

testing then we elaborated on that. So

he was uh seeing key uh each individual

was participating or not if he was uh

actually coming out if he's speaking or

not even if he doesn't know is he

speaking or so he was focusing on that. That's it. So it was more of a test of

your communication and how well you're

able to communicate in a group ha rather

than the knowledge you hold. Right.

chunk 17 : Yeah. Because if it was a generalized

topic then we can uh expand what we know

I mean we can cover many topics but

since it was a topic which we did didn't

know at least we need to

speak

correct right right all right

so explain interview process and you

know your preparation also so on a final

note to all of the people who are

watching this video let's say they also

want to crack a like EPAM what advice

would you like to give them? So for the

advice I would say start early start

early DSA mainly the DSA because when we

go when you go to second second year or

third year second year

internship goes till graphs also. So you

should start uh from the first year

onwards. Exploration is really important

but along with exploring every other

thing you should start DSA early and

once you I mean um are comfortable with

DSA start exploring other texts like

monster machine learning AI lo etc and

make the project self projects not only

watch the videos don't watch the videos

for I mean that watching loop first

so yeah so practice it and you'll

explore it on your own because interest

until we don't start we don't know how

to I mean until we don't start start

making projects and then dive into the

good projects like mini projects or any

other projects with your friends yeah

and even in DSA uh you uh when you solve

the questions so um explore the answers

of others in the discussion sections

solution we get constrainted to that

only single solution if we focus on

that new

concept so that advice I would like to

give right right and that's some

wonderful advice right there okay so I

think that covers pretty much everything

about Charlini's journey to crack me pam

and if anyone of you still have any

doubt I'll give her LinkedIn in the

description you guys can follow her from

there can connect with her from there. So yeah, thanks a lot Shalini for coming

on the channel and sharing your journey.

chunk 18 : I hope this helps a lot of students. Yeah, thank you. Thank you Ashish. Thank

you everyone.

