chunk 0 : Hello welcome to Career 247 I am

Prashant Dhawan Now recently Elon Musk has made a

big announcement which will have an impact

on the whole world and not just the US

because Elon Musk is saying that if

Trump passes his Big Beautiful Bill

which he will most likely do,

in response to this Elon Musk will

launch a political party against Donald Trump

which will be named The America Party. Here you will

see that Elon Musk has said that

Donald Trump is spending too much money. This will push USA into more debt

and will launch the

America Party to stop Trump. Now obviously

here a question will come in your mind. Wait,

in USA it is called two party system,

one Democrat, one Republican. Now this

third party which is America Party will be

backed by the world's richest man Elon Musk himself and again it is not confirmed yet but it is

heard that many other

prominent US celebrities

can also join this political party. So how will all this be possible? Because in India we have been hearing

that USA is a two party country. So even

today Elon Musk is calling Donald Trump's

party a party of pigs. He is

calling it Por's Pig Party and saying

that he will launch his own America Party. But how will this happen?

chunk 1 : Well, let

me make a very important thing clear here. Then we will talk

about the American Party and what impact it

could eventually have on India? Is it written in the United States Constitution

that there will only be two political

parties? So the answer is no. Nothing like that. In USA also,

like India, technically these people can form many political

parties. Suppose tomorrow

Mr. Beast wants me to

form my own political party then that is also

possible. That will be a registered political

party. Yes, people will most

likely not vote for him. I will

tell you what the reason is. The difference between India and USA is

that suppose elections are held in India. Even

if you get 10% votes,

you will still have a lot of MPs. You will have a role in the decision making process. Whereas

in USA, as you all know, majority is

not required. The candidate who gets the

most votes wins. So

because of this, people

vote very less for third party candidates because they

believe that this will increase the votes. Directly

two camps are formed. There are two main political

parties: the Republican Party which is

currently led by Donald Trump and the

Democratic Party where

you will find leaders like Barack Obama and Joe Biden. So can

Elon Musk form his own America Party

in the USA? Obviously you can make it. In the USA, apart from Republican Party and

Democratic Party, Libertarian

Party, Green Party and Constitution

Party also exist. But

all these political parties are challenged by the world's

richest man who has his own social

media platform. Twitter X, whatever

you call it, is not backing it up. When

Elon Musk will launch his own American party

and will tell the people of America that

look, it is not like you are forced to

either go with the Democrats or

go with the Republicans. Let me give you a third

option. So in that case

I would definitely say that Elon Musk's party

can bring revolution in USA elections. Because remember, even in USA, voters are

fed up that they have only two

options after going around. Or a donkey because

literally the symbol of the Democrat Party is its

election logo. It is a donkey

or an elephant, which is the Republican Party,

Trump's party's election symbol is an

elephant. So, between the donkey and the elephant,

if, let's say, Elon Musk brings his Tesla car,

then it is possible that many people may come and

say, why not, let's give it 4 years and

see. He has very revolutionary ideas. Let's

see how Elon Musk will

run the country. Now I

have to speak up here. Elon Musk may launch his own political

party but he

cannot become the President of USA because he was

not born in the USA. He was born

in South Africa and recently when

Elon Musk threatened Trump that

Trump's party is So's party. This is

Pur's pick party and I'm absolutely going to

challenge here and so on. In response to this, Trump hurt Elon Musk by saying

that he would send him back to South Africa,

where he came from. Here you will see that this has been

tweeted by Donald Trump.

chunk 2 : Now many people do

not get this tweet on Twitter etc. They wonder where can they get this

tweet? See, Trump has his own social media

platform. Truth is I laugh so much after seeing this. We are

not able to create our own social media platform in India. Here every leader has created his own social media

platform and it

runs properly. It is not that there is any problem or anything. Trump's social media platform

Truth works well. Narendra Modi ji had

even joined it at one time as a

goodwill gesture and now the Democrats,

left leaning people, have a separate party in the USA. They have already created Twitter X in the name of Blue Sky. This is what so many social media

platforms are creating. Why ca

n't we make it ourselves?

chunk 3 : And this is really something that

I feel sad about. And here you will

see that Donald Trump, after Elon Musk's

announcement, has said that

Elon Musk's main concern is the Electric

Vehicle Mandate, which is Donald Trump's bill, a

big beautiful bill, in which it will impose tax

not only on Indians but also on all foreigners

when they send the money back to their

country. However, the good news is

that this tax was being proposed earlier.

chunk 4 : 5% I made a video on this. Now this has been

reduced to 1% in the new draft. But Elon Musk is very sad about the fact

that the electric vehicle mandate will end

and due to this the subsidies that Elon Musk used to get

for his electric vehicles will end. And

Trump has clearly said here that

if the US Government does not give subsidies to Elon Musk, then

Elon Musk will have to close his shop and

go back to South Africa. Elon Musk could probably have

to close up shop and head

back home to South Africa. It has been directly told to Elon Musk that the country you

are in right now, USA, is not even your home. Your home is South Africa. There will be

no rocket launches, satellites, electric car production etc. and a lot of money of our country will also be saved. Why don't I do one thing,

put the dose after you. This will save us a lot of money. Trump has given a direct threat to

Elon Musk here. And somehow Elon

Musk's party will happen because it's meant to happen. This is very much obvious. As soon as

Elon Musk's party is formed, you will see that

Trump will repeatedly target Elon Musk's origin in

South Africa. Now what will be the impact of all this on India? Look, this is going to have a big impact on India. Elon Musk has already

invested in India. Just recently,

Starling has made a push entry

into India. The New York Times

published an article on this. Elon Musk

Starling Pushes It Way Into India. And

today Elon Musk has entered the mega market. This in the future will be here to

sell Tesla cars,

sell Starlin Internet and we do

n't know yet what the foreign policy of Elon Musk's political party is going to be. Clearly everyone in the USA knows this.

chunk 5 : USA's

foreign policy is different when Democrats come to power. If Republicans

come to power, their foreign policy will be different. This is a very obvious thing. Let me tell you clearly. If the

Democratic Party had not come to power in the last 20 years, then there is a strong

possibility that the Ukraine-

Russia war would not have happened. So we Indians will

have to understand that the foreign

policy of the Democrats is different from that of the Republicans. Now with which foreign policy will Elon Musk

come up? How will India-US relations be according to Elon Musk

? Because

we cannot ignore them again. They will not have any shortage of funding. And the biggest thing is that

Elon Musk is not only rich. There

are many rich people in USA. But

being popular along with being rich is a great power. You will find many people in India also. But he is not popular. When he

goes to hold a rally, people will

not gather to support him. So again this is a major development. This will have a

huge impact eventually on India and

updates related to this topic will come in the

future. So I will keep bringing updated videos for you.

chunk 6 : And finally here

I will ask you guys a question. The question is

that RAW Research and Analysis Wing has selected its new

chief. He is called Pakistan expert. Tell me who is the new Chief

of Research and Analysis Wing? These are

your options here. Vikram Mishri, Anil

Mehta, Parag Jain or Ajit Dobal. Answer in the comment section.

chunk 7 : I will give hard copies of the comments of those who give the correct answers

so that others can understand what the correct answer is. You won't believe how many

people I meet and talk to

and they have only one question -

what should I do now in my career? You know what, I do

n't like mathematics that much. I don't feel like learning coding etc. Please suggest

me some other creative job

where I can start early. Well here I

want to tell you

about digital marketing. How will your career be under digital marketing

? Under this field you

can become a digital marketing assistant. You

can become an SEO writer. You can become a

social media specialist. You can become

an SEO manager, a content manager,

under digital marketing you can get a job

in various sectors. And these jobs are

continuously increasing. And similarly you will

see that the courses in digital marketing are

also increasing all over the world, be it US or

Europe, these courses are increasing everywhere. And you should note one thing that

most of these courses will be very

expensive. It will be only in English language

and these courses are very short. It is

not done in two-three months,

your course is completed. You will simply be forwarded onwards. Interestingly, the most popular and in-demand course on Career247 today is our Digital Marketing

course. I will tell you what the reason is. Digital marketing is one such skill which is

an entry level job that a person is looking for. I have

just cleared 12th.

chunk 8 : Looking for my first job.

chunk 9 : I can get

job experience somewhere. For him, digital marketing

can be a very important way to get his first

job. People who are already working

often upskill

themselves by doing a digital marketing course. And at the same time, many

people who run their own business

want to know

how digital marketing works today. How can they promote their own brand? And

so I would say Career 247’s Digital

Marketing Course. This is not the course of the future. This is the course of now. And

today many students are learning

digital marketing skills in collaboration with Career 247. For example,

I want to show you some projects in this

way. This is an example of

how the brand Make My Trip

can be marketed digitally. Our students have prepared this report regarding this. Projects have been prepared. I can show you various such examples

where people

knew very little about digital marketing. Now they feel

very confident and have invested their time and

resources in a very

useful skill. So

what do you have to do to enroll? Simply go to the

comment section of this video. You will find this link in the pin comment. Start Your

Digital Marketing Journey Now. And here

you have to click on this link.

chunk 10 : This page will open in front of you. Here, enter your name,

email ID, phone number and obviously

discount code PG 10

so that

you can get this course at a much lower price than the price of this course. If you forget to enter the code,

you will get significant increase in the prices here. So

always enter the code PD10 and simply apply. That's all I am saying.

chunk 11 : Simply apply. Consultant from Career 247 will call you. You can talk to . You can get more information and

start your journey in the

world of digital marketing. And

remember this is not just digital

marketing. This is Digital Marketing with

Generative AI. So with this note, this is the

end of the video.

chunk 12 : Thank you for listening. And

as I always say, may the gods watch over

